Yixin Cao. Linear Recognition of Almost Interval Graphs
Noga Alon, Humberto Naves and Benny Sudakov. On the maximum quartet distance between phylogenetic trees
Scott Garrabrant and Igor Pak. Permutation patterns are hard to count
Varun Kanade, Reut Levi, Zvi Lotker, Frederik Mallmann-Trenn and Claire Mathieu. Effective Diameter for Forest Fire and Social Random Walk Model
Andreas Galanis and Leslie Ann Goldberg. The complexity of approximately counting in 2-spin systems on k-uniform bounded-degree hypergraphs
Antares Chen, David Harris and Aravind Srinivasan. Partial Resampling to Approximate Covering Integer Programs
David Harris and Aravind Srinivasan. Algorithmic and Enumerative Aspects of the Moser-Tardos Distribution
Tamal Dey, Facundo Memoli and Yusu Wang. Multiscale Mapper: An Algorithm for Topological Summarization via Codomain Covers
Mahdi Cheraghchi and Piotr Indyk. Nearly Optimal Deterministic Algorithm for Sparse Walsh-Hadamard Transform
Marcin Pilipczuk and Magnus Wahlström. Directed multicut is W[1]-hard, even for four terminal pairs
Ivan Bliznets, Fedor Fomin, Marcin Pilipczuk and Michał Pilipczuk. Subexponential parameterized algorithm for Interval Completion
Moran Feldman, Ola Svensson and Rico Zenklusen. Online Contention Resolutions Schemes
Aaron Bernstein and Clifford Stein. Faster Fully Dynamic Matchings with Small Approximation Ratios
Timothy Chan and Ryan Williams. Deterministic APSP, Partial Matches, and More: Quickly Derandomizing the Polynomial Method
Rajesh Chitnis, Graham Cormode, Hossein Esfandiari, Mohammadtaghi Hajiaghayi, Andrew McGregor, Morteza Monemizadeh and Sofya Vorotnikova. Kernelization via Sampling with Applications to Dynamic Graph Streams
Giorgi Nadiradze and Andreas Wiese. On approximating strip packing with a better ratio than 3/2
Stephen Alstrup, Cyril Gavoille, Esben Bistrup Halvorsen and Holger Petersen. Simpler, faster and shorter labels for distances in graphs
Yuichi Yoshida. Gowers Norm, Function Limits, and Parameter Estimation
Jonathan Scarlett and Volkan Cevher. Phase Transitions in Group Testing
Noah Stephens-Davidowitz. Discrete Gaussian Sampling Reduces to CVP and SVP
Ashwinkumar Badanidiyuru, Christos Papadimitriou, Aviad Rubinstein, Lior Seeman and Yaron Singer. Locally Adaptive Optimization: Adaptive Seeding for Monotone Submodular Functions
Amit Chakrabarti and Anthony Wirth. Incidence Geometries and the Pass Complexity of Semi-Streaming Set Cover
Christian Glacet, Avery Miller and Andrzej Pelc. Time vs. Information Tradeoffs for Leader Election in Anonymous Trees
Gerandy Brito, Ioana Dumitriu, Shirshendu Ganguly, Christopher Hoffman and Linh Tran. Recovery and rigidity in a regular stochastic block model
Ali Kemal Sinop. How to Round Subspaces: A New Spectral Clustering Algorithm
Dimitris Achlioptas and Fotis Iliopoulos. Focused Stochastic Local Search and the Lovasz Local Lemma
Maria Chudnovsky, Jan Goedgebeur, Oliver Schaudt and Mingxian Zhong. Obstructions for three-coloring graphs with one forbidden induced subgraph
Sariel Har-Peled, Haim Kaplan and Micha Sharir. Approximating the k-Level in Three-Dimensional Plane Arrangements
Richard Peng. Approximate Undirected Maximum Flows in O(m polylog(n)) Time
Samuel Hopkins, Pravesh Kothari, Aaron Henry Potechin, Prasad Raghavendra and Tselil Schramm . On the Integrality Gap of Degree-4 Sum of Squares for Planted Clique
William M. Hoza and Leonard J. Schulman. The Adversarial Noise Threshold for Distributed Protocols
János Pach, Natan Rubin and Gábor Tardos. Beyond the Richter-Thomassen Conjecture
Xi Chen and Jinyu Xie. Tight Bounds for the Distribution-Free Testing of Monotone Conjunctions
Martin Dyer, Mark Jerrum and Haiko Müller. On the switch Markov chain for perfect matchings
Jisu Jeong, Eun Jung Kim and Sang-Il Oum. Constructive algorithm for path-width of matroids
T-H. Hubert Chan and Shaofeng H.-C. Jiang. Reducing Curse of Dimensionality: Improved PTAS for TSP (with Neighborhoods) in Doubling Metrics
Chidambaram Annamalai. Finding perfect matchings in bipartite hypergraphs
Sixia Chen, Matthew Dippel, Alexander Russell, Abhishek Samanta and Ravi Sundaram. How to Play Multichannel Rendezvous Games with Public Randomness
Niv Buchbinder and Moran Feldman. Deterministic Algorithms for Submodular Maximization Problems
Andris Ambainis, Alexander Belov, Oded Regev and Ronald de Wolf. Efficient Quantum Algorithms for (Gapped) Group Testing and Junta Testing
Michael Kerber, Don Sheehy and Primoz Skraba. Persistent Homology and Nested Dissection
Kunal Agrawal, Jing Li, Kefu Lu and Benjamin Moseley. Scheduling Parallel DAG Jobs Online to Minimize Average Flow Time
Christian Wulff-Nilsen. Approximate Distance Oracles for Planar Graphs with Improved Query Time-Space Tradeoff
Zeyuan Allen-Zhu, Yin Tat Lee and Lorenzo Orecchia. Using Optimization to Obtain a Width-Independent, Parallel, Simpler, and Faster Positive SDP Solver
Guillaume Chapuy and Guillem Perarnau. Connectivity in bridge-addable graph classes: the McDiarmid-Steger-Welsh conjecture
Zeyuan Allen-Zhu, Aditya Bhaskara, Silvio Lattanzi, Vahab Mirrokni and Lorenzo Orecchia. Expanders via Local Edge Flips
Boris Bukh and Venkatesan Guruswami. An improved bound on fraction of correctable deletions
Pankaj K. Agarwal, Kyle Fox and Oren Salzman. An Efficient Algorithm for Computing High Quality Paths amid Polygonal Obstacles
Rasmus Pagh. Locality-sensitive Hashing without False Negatives
Guy Kindler, Alexandra Kolla and Luca Trevisan. Approximation of non-boolean 2CSP
Christos Papadimitriou, George Pierrakos, Christos-Alexandros Psomas and Aviad Rubinstein. On the Complexity of Dynamic Mechanism Design
David Eppstein. Treetopes and their Graphs
Satoru Iwata, Shin-Ichi Tanigawa and Yuichi Yoshida. Improved Approximation Algorithms for k-Submodular Function Maximization
Tsz Chiu Kwok, Lap Chi Lau and Yin Tat Lee. Improved Cheeger's Inequality and Analysis of Local Graph Partitioning using Vertex Expansion and Expansion Profile
Dimitris Achlioptas, S. Hamed Hassani, Nicolas Macris and Rudiger Urbanke. Bounds for Random Constraint Satisfaction Problems via Spatial Coupling
Sina Dehghani, Soheil Ehsani, Mohammadtaghi Hajiaghayi and Vahid Liaghat. Online Degree-Bounded Steiner Network Design
John Iacono and Stefan Langerman. Weighted dynamic finger in binary search trees
Michael Dinitz and Zeyu Zhang. Approximating Low-Stretch Spanners
Daniel Lokshtanov, Marcin Pilipczuk and Erik Jan van Leeuwen. Independence and Efficient Domination on $P_6$-free Graphs
Tasuku Soma and Yuichi Yoshida. Non-convex Compressed Sensing with the Sum-of-Squares Method
Yossi Azar, Amir Epstein, Lukasz Jez and Adi Vardi. Make-to-Order Integrated Scheduling and Distribution
John Fearnley and Rahul Savani. The Complexity of All-switches Strategy Improvement
Badih Ghazi, Ilan Komargodski, Pravesh Kothari and Madhu Sudan. Communication with Contextual Uncertainty
David Peleg and Shay Solomon. Dynamic (1 + \eps)-Approximate Matchings: A Density-Sensitive Approach
Anne Driemel, Amer Krivosija and Christian Sohler. Clustering time series under the Frechet distance
Lin Chen, Nicole Megow and Kevin Schewior. An O(log m)-Competitive Algorithm for Online Machine Minimization
Justin Hsu, Zhiyi Huang, Aaron Roth and Zhiwei Steven Wu. Jointly Private Convex Programming
Merav Parter, David Peleg and Shay Solomon. Local-on-Average Distributed Tasks
Luca Becchetti, Andrea Clementi, Emanuele Natale, Francesco Pasquale and Luca Trevisan. Stabilizing Consensus with Many Opinions
Shiri Chechik and Christian Wulff-Nilsen. Near-Optimal Light Spanners
Anupam Gupta, Viswanath Nagarajan and Sahil Singla. Algorithms and Adaptivity Gaps for Stochastic Probing
John Augustine, William K. Moses Jr., Amanda Redlich and Eli Upfal. Balanced Allocation: Patience is not a Virtue
Robert Ganian, Ramanujan M. S. and Stefan Szeider. Discovering Archipelagos of Tractability for Constraint Satisfaction and Counting
Patrizio Angelini, Giordano Da Lozzo, Giuseppe Di Battista, Valentino Di Donato, Philipp Kindermann, Günter Rote and Ignaz Rutter. Windrose Planarity: Embedding Graphs with Direction-Constrained Edges
Antonio Blanca and Alistair Sinclair. Random-cluster Dynamics in Z^2
Ishay Haviv and Oded Regev. The Restricted Isometry Property of Subsampled Fourier Matrices
Badih Ghazi, Pritish Kamath and Madhu Sudan. Communication Complexity of Permutation-Invariant Functions
Joshua Brakensiek, Venkatesan Guruswami and Samuel Zbarsky. Efficient Low-Redundancy Codes for Correcting Multiple Deletions
Xue Chen. Integrality Gaps and Approximation Algorithms for Dispersers and Bipartite Expanders
Nicolas Bousquet, Yang Cai, Christoph Hunkenschroder and Adrian Vetta. On the Economic Efficiency of the Combinatorial Clock Auction
Gabor Braun, Jonah Brown-Cohen, Arefin Huq, Sebastian Pokutta, Prasad Raghavendra, Aurko Roy, Benjamin Weitz and Daniel Zink. The Matching Problem Has No Small Symmetric SDP
Yossi Azar, Ilan Cohen, Amos Fiat and Alan Roytman. Packing Small Vectors
Avrim Blum, Sariel Har-Peled and Benjamin Raichel. Sparse Approximation via Generating Point Sets
Arturs Backurs, Piotr Indyk, Ilya Razenshteyn and David Woodruff. Nearly-optimal bounds for sparse recovery in generic norms, with applications to k-median sketching
Massimo Cairo, Roberto Grossi and Romeo Rizzi. New Bounds for Approximating Extremal Distances in Undirected Graphs
Mohsen Ghaffari. An Improved Distributed Algorithm for Maximal Independent Set
Chandra Chekuri and Kent Quanrud. Fast Approximations for Matroid Intersection
Michael Bender, Jeremy Fineman, Seth Gilbert and Maxwell Young. How to Scale Exponential Backoff: Constant Throughput, Polylog Access Attempts, and Robustness
Shuchi Chawla, Nikhil R. Devanur, Anna Karlin and Balasubramanian Sivan. Simple pricing schemes for consumers with evolving values
Ioannis Panageas, Piyush Srivastava and Nisheeth Vishnoi. Evolutionary dynamics in finite populations mix rapidly
Mohsen Ghaffari and Bernhard Haeupler. Distributed Algorithms for Planar Networks II: Low-Congestion Shortcuts, MST, and Min-Cut
Timothy M. Chan. Improved Deterministic Algorithms for Linear Programming in Low Dimensions
Ran Gelles, Bernhard Haeupler, Gillat Kol, Noga Ron-Zewi and Avi Wigderson. Towards optimal deterministic coding for interactive communication
Nick Gravin, Yuval Peres and Balasubramanian Sivan. Towards Optimal Algorithms for Prediction with Expert Advice
Shi Li. Approximating capacitated $k$-median with $(1+\eps)k$ open facilities
Thodoris Lykouris, Vasilis Syrgkanis and Eva Tardos. Learning and Efficiency in Games with Dynamic Population
Chien-Chung Huang, Naonori Kakimura and Naoyuki Kamiyama. Exact and Approximation Algorithms for Weighted Matroid Intersection
Tsvi Kopelowitz, Seth Pettie and Ely Porat. Higher Lower Bounds from the 3SUM Conjecture
Jean-François Biasse and Fang Song. A polynomial time quantum algorithm for computing class groups and solving the principal ideal problem in arbitrary degree number fields
Nikhil Bansal, Marek Elias and Arindam Khan. Improved Approximation for Vector Bin Packing
Venkatesan Guruswami and Euiwoong Lee. Nearly Optimal NP-Hardness of Unique Coverage
Jiyan Yang, Yinlam Chow, Christopher Ré and Michael Mahoney. Weighted SGD for $\ell_p$ Regression with Randomized Preconditioning
Chandra Chekuri and Vivek Madan. Simple and Fast Rounding Algorithms for Directed and Node-weighted Multiway Cut
Chandra Chekuri and Vivek Madan. Constant Factor Approximation for Subset Feedback Problems via a new LP relaxation
Vladimir Braverman, Harry Lang, Keith Levin and Morteza Monemizadeh. Clustering Problems on Sliding Windows
Damian Straszak and Nisheeth Vishnoi. Natural Algorithms for Flow Problems
Anja Becker, Leo Ducas, Nicolas Gama and Thijs Laarhoven. New directions in nearest neighbor searching with applications to lattice sieving
Constantinos Daskalakis and Sebastien Roch. Species Trees from Gene Trees Despite a High Rate of Lateral Genetic Transfer: A Tight Bound
Yann Disser, Jan Hackfeld and Max Klimm. Undirected Graph Exploration with Θ(log log n) Pebbles
Paweł Brach, Marek Cygan, Jakub Łącki and Piotr Sankowski. Algorithmic Complexity of Power Law Networks
Søren Dahlgaard, Mathias Bæk Tejs Knudsen, Eva Rotenberg and Mikkel Thorup. The Power of Two Choices with Simple Tabulation
Pratik Ghosal, Adam Kunysz and Katarzyna Paluch. Characterisation of Strongly Stable Matchings
Gwenaël Joret, Piotr Micek and Veit Wiechert. Sparsity and dimension
Marek Cygan, Fedor Fomin, Alexander Golovnev, Alexander Kulikov, Ivan Mihajlin, Jakub Pachocki and Arkadiusz Socała . Tight bounds for graph homomorphism and subgraph isomorphism
Yu Yokoi and Satoru Iwata. Finding Stable Allocations in Polymatroid Intersection
Ran Duan, Jugal Garg and Kurt Mehlhorn. An Improved Combinatorial Polynomial Algorithm for the Linear Arrow-Debreu Market
Marek Cygan, Marcin Mucha, Piotr Sankowski and Qiang Zhang. Online Pricing with Impatient Bidders
Amir Abboud and Greg Bodwin. Error Amplification for Pairwise Spanner Lower Bounds
Greg Bodwin and Virginia Vassilevska Williams. Better Distance Preservers and Additive Spanners
Subhash Khot, Rishi Saket and Devanathan Thiruvenkatachari. Hardness of Satisfiable CSPs and Hypergraph Coloring via efficient PCPs with Super-position Complexity
Yair Bartal, Arnold Filtser and Ofer Neiman. Constructing Almost Minimum Spanning Trees with Constant Average Distortion
Lingxiao Huang, Pinyan Lu and Chihao Zhang. Canonical Paths for MCMC: from Art to Science
Christos Kalaitzis. An Improved Approximation Guarantee for the Maximum Budgeted Allocation Problem
Robert Hildebrand, Robert Weismantel and Kevin Zemmer. An FPTAS for Minimizing Indefinite Quadratic Forms over Integers in Polyhedra
Klaus Jansen, Marten Maack and Malin Rau. Approximation schemes for machine scheduling with resource (in-)dependent processing times
Riccardo Colini-Baldeschi, Bart de Keijzer, Stefano Leonardi and Stefano Turchetta. Approximately Efficient Double Auctions with Strong Budget Balance
Sepehr Assadi, Sanjeev Khanna, Yang Li and Grigory Yaroslavtsev. Maximum Matchings in Dynamic Graph Streams and the Simultaneous Communication Model
Attila Bernáth and Tamás Király. Blocking optimal k-arborescences
Ross Churchley, Bojan Mohar and Hehui Wu. Packing edge-disjoint odd (u,v) trails
Benjamin Sach, Raphael Clifford, Allyx Fontaine, Tatiana Starikovskaya and Ely Porat. The $k$-mismatch problem revisited
Brendan Nagle, Vojtech Rodl and Mathias Schacht. An Algorithmic Hypergraph Regularity Lemma
Michael B. Cohen. Simpler and tighter analysis of sparse oblivious subspace embeddings
Radu Curticapean and Dániel Marx. Tight conditional lower bounds for counting perfect matchings on graphs of bounded treewidth and cliquewidth
Ivan Bliznets, Marek Cygan, Paweł Komosa, Lukas Mach and Michał Pilipczuk. Lower bounds for the parameterized complexity of Minimum Fill-in and other completion problems
Shivam Garg and Geevarghese Philip. Raising The Bar For Vertex Cover: Fixed-parameter Tractability Above A Higher Guarantee
Djamal Belazzougui and Simon Puglisi. Range Predecessor and Lempel-Ziv Parsing
Joshua Wang, Amir Abboud and Virginia Vassilevska-Williams. Approximation and Fixed Parameter Subquadratic Algorithms for Radius and Diameter in Sparse Graphs
Sunil Arya and David Mount. A Fast and Simple Algorithm for Computing Approximate Euclidean Minimum Spanning Trees
Gilbert Oscar, Jacob Hendricks, Matthew Patitz and Trent Rogers. Computing in continuous space with self-assembling polygonal tiles (extended abstract)
Matti Karppa, Petteri Kaski and Jukka Kohonen. A faster subquadratic algorithm for finding outlier correlations
Ross Berkowitz and Swastik Kopparty. Robust Positioning Patterns
Sarah Cannon and Dana Randall. Sampling on lattices with free boundary conditions using randomized extensions
Surender Baswana, Shreejit Ray Chaudhury, Keerti Choudhary and Shahbaz Khan. Dynamic DFS Tree in Undirected Graphs: breaking the O(m) barrier
Mark Braverman, Jieming Mao and S. Matthew Weinberg. Interpolating Between Truthful and Non-Truthful Mechanisms for Combinatorial Auctions
George Christodoulou and Alkmini Sgouritsa. Designing Networks with Good Equilibria under Uncertainty
Ittai Abraham, Shiri Chechik, Daniel Delling, Andrew Goldberg and Renato Werneck. On Dynamic Approximate Shortest Paths for Planar Graphs with Worst-Case Costs
Amir Abboud, Arturs Backurs, Thomas Dueholm Hansen, Virginia Vassilevska Williams and Or Zamir. Subtree Isomorphism Revisited
